Add Subflow export Changelog (#3646)
FlowFuse/website: src/changelog/2025/08/subflow-export.md

---
title: 'Export SubFlow as Node-RED module'
description: 'Allow SubFlows to be packaged as nodes and published to Team Library'
date: 2025-08-28 12:00:05.0
authors: ['ben-hardill']
tags:
  - changelog

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
issues:
  - "https://github.com/FlowFuse/flowfuse/issues/3666"
---
```

Instances running the latest Node-RED version on FlowFuse v2.21.0 will now be able to export Node-RED SubFlows as Node-RED nodes.

This is done from the Node-RED editor using a custom sidebar.

![Screenshot of Node-RED with the SubFlow export sidebar](./images/subflow-export.png){data-zoomable}
_Screenshot of Node-RED with the SubFlow export sidebar_

> The nodes are added to the Team's Library Custom Nodes and are installable into all of the Team's Node-RED instance from Catalogue generated from the Team Library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nodes are added to the Team's Library of Custom Nodes and can be installed into any of the Team's Node-RED instances from the Catalogue generated by the Team Library.
```
